he was an extraordinary person living
there and down in camp and yet
communicating with naturalist all over
the world but by post which took weeks
to meet different people and to produce
at the end this very beautifully written
book the last paragraph of this book you
know is is a great piece of literature
it's a great piece of prose and it
contains a really profound truth that's
worth pondering Harry
there is grandeur in this view of life
with its several powers having been
originally breathed by the creator into
a few forms or into one and that whilst
this planet has gone cycling on
according to the fixed law of gravity
from so simple a beginning endless forms
most beautiful and most wonderful have
been and are being evolved
because he's very cool
I definitely have loved the David
Attenborough ya know like I don't know
why you wouldn't love David Attenborough